[7.x]  Update beats framework to 553c92eeff2d (#3749)
elastic/apm-server: docs/copied-from-beats/docs/loggingconfig.asciidoc

When true, logs messages in JSON format. The default is false.

[float]
==== `logging.ecs`

> When true, logs messages with minimal required Elastic Common Schema (ECS)
> information.

Reviewer: This might be a good opportunity to link to the [ECS docs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/ecs-log.html). Something like this?

```suggestion
When true, logs messages with the minimum required {ecs-ref}/ecs-log.html[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)]
information.
```
